Ha ha ha
All three of us.
Trieu family
The royal family is the heir of three great families.
We mean the three major family families.
Meaning
Three families
Not something a normal person can deal with.
Leave this to me.
Rest assured, I can.
Three minutes for the three clans to completely disappear from Long Xuyen.
What's up?
Pretend to be real
Three minutes for the three great families to disappear from Long Xuyen
Probably not.
Really consider yourself a sideline guard.
Even if it's really on the sidelines of the year
He also did not dare to protect Bang Dien.
in front of my daughter
Alright.
Today is a good day.
I also don't want to make things big.
Okay, where are you two?
Learn how to bark for me
After that, Mr. Trieu's crotch could not get in.
Today, this matter seems to have turned over.
Come on.
What are you going to do?
The three of you really didn't give me a necklace.
Don't call me even.
The three of us want to kill you like we want to kill our mother.
Smart.
You have to crawl through my ass and learn how to bark.
Come on, ha, ha, ha, catch, catch.
Ha ha ha ha